you just witnessed the pre-show match of
halloween havoc on WWE 2k15 commentary
the big show vs. Mike Henry now gonna
kick it off with the official
pay-per-view Halloween Havoc which
should be an extraordinary match to set
the tone for the night chris jericho vs
dolph ziggler now although these two
have met on many occasions it was never
under these circumstances under these
pretenses Intercontinental Champion
Dolph Ziggler will get an opportunity
and there was a little box rated this is
not Survivor Series this is indeed
halloween havoc as you've seen the
entrance right there so ladies and
gentleman I cannot wait to bring to you
this video and if you want to watch the
pre-show match before this make sure to
watch the video before this one big show
Mark Henry we're gonna kick it off
though and a match like I said that I
believe will be a show stealer we got
other great matches on the car for
Halloween Havoc remember if you want
videos wha wha what a maneuver more
epicness behind that one out Donald
Ziggler Dolph Ziggler starting off
strong against y2j Chris Jericho and now
Dolph Ziggler with sleep hold this could
be it Jericho is going to go to 90 night
Oh at least you can go out and get the
treats a little bit sooner because all
the children out right now getting the
candy yeah well this is indeed Halloween
night 2014 October 30 10 top Robert ah
Ziggler went for a tall Dolph Ziggler
says get over it well I think Ziggler
just got told that he's over it Chris
Jericho style and now Jericho and
Ziggler know each other so well they
have such great chemistry but remember
if you want more gameplay commentaries
on this game in the ps4 version make
sure the long wait a minute the
codebreaker oh my god Jericho struck
Jericho hit it 1 2 3 this is gonna be it
to know oh my you want to talk about at
the last millisecond Ziggler got out of
there all that was so close to that
Jericho could taste it he was so close
to that victory he was close to like one
institute or like apples is two oranges
and now Chris Jericho and Ziggler going
out and what a mattress is going to be
both these superstars matching move from
uber a reversal by Ziggler what sig
we're gonna do here and what a back
suplex yes Oh Jericho said just bounced
off the Mallik a basketball like a
pumpkin off the damn concrete and jake
long what a magnificent elbow drop off
the top rope so go into the cover one
two no Ziggler is the current reigning
Intercontinental Champion his
championship is on the line if he loses
this match he's gonna lose a whole world
read ability bobzilla wants to be a mean
inventor he wants to be a real champion
and he's going to shove a lot of
naysayers if he can defeat Chris Jericho
yeah well you know just like they said
Jericho couldn't win the big one years
and years ago when he defeated the rock
in stone cold in the same night to
become the company's first-ever
undisputed champion now years later many
are saying to the same about Dolph
Ziggler that he's a flash in the pan
that he's a one-hit wonder he can't get
the job done he can't get it done in a
big match predicament when the lights
are on bright he can't come through the
pressure is too much he's too small he's
not strong he's weak while Dolph Ziggler
is going to look to shut up all those
people that proved that said they're
going to prove him wrong all these years
Ziggler is going to prove a point that
he is the future of the WWE and dancing
with such a Jericho into the ropes at
Halloween Havoc remember if you want
this WWE 2k15 simulation of Halloween
Havoc to continue on my channel like the
video and subscribe and oh my god
Ziggler my god what a famous sir
Jericho's head collided with the mat
again one two that almost like a
concussion Jericho looks a little bit
worse for it oh my got another one Zig
little all over Jericho now oh my god
more shots to the head the head was not
meant to make that meant to take that
many shots especially on Halloween night
that's like taking a screw that's like
taking a barbed wire bat that's like
taking probably maybe even up a wait a
minute wait 12 at your old tongue-tied
can you get your words straight tonight
hey listen I got a little bit to drink
it's all wait a minute Ziggler score
woman is one of his finishing maneuvers
he's scored with it wait a minute 12
what a DDT to head oh that was a near
fall such a near fall and another one
Ziggler keeps going back to the famouser
he's going back to what brought him to
the dance and now Ziggler and waiting
Ziggler waiting for Jericho waiting for
that opportunity is he going to hit it
no way whoa Ziggler switching up his
game and going to a submission maneuver
we don't see similar do submission
maneuvers that much money does he does
it with expertise in Chris Jericho knows
a thing or two about submission
maneuvers how about the lion tamer all
the walls of Jericho are what a chin
buster oh my god what a jawbreaker
whatever you want to call and Ziggler
now what's this and oh my god they
collided their head smash you heard the
echo throughout the arena at Halloween
Havoc and I'll Ziggler into the ropes
what's going to happen here
and I'll sit will get with another
reversal my god these two guys know each
other so well I told you this and I'll
Ziggler Jericho Jericho Jericho what's
this it oh my god I know why my god
Ziggler cannot he loves that move he
loves it yeah well you know it's it's
not against the rule book it's all like
he's cheating he's you know his match
and move for move he's going to
advertise doing everything he can to get
the victory and you got to admire that
about dolls like wait a minute but that
might be may be too soon too late too
little too late Ziggler's in the walls
of Jericho this is it not too many
people can get out of this not too many
people can last you've got a top live to
fight another day Ziggler your time is
up no zoo estate in it you're going to
give it to ziggler dolph ziggler and
i'll call breaker that is it this is it
good night Ziggler hit the showers hit
the locker with one two three hit no
Ziggler kicked out what a match oh what
a 5 star match we are witnessing at
Halloween Havoc it ozdemir just took
Jericho over with it multi move oh wait
a minute jujitsu move a karate whatever
oh my god in midair familiar codebreaker
omidi a codebreaker this is gonna be it
all this the ropes the ropes save
Ziggler that time if it weren't for the
ropes I believe this match would have
been over a long time ago oh my god now
Ziggler go to the top rope again perhaps
know those English thinking saw else no
way he is going to the top rope you got
it right you know it Oh what an elbow
drop and now Ziggler Ziggler's got a
second win here oh my god just when you
think Jericho's got the match won just
when you think signals get the match won
the momentum changes and now Ziggler
what's he gonna do here Ziggler now one
can hand their ass Oh Ziggler had it
there it is is this it the big move and
I was showing off I wouldn't do a lot of
showing off Jericho's get time to
recover Jericho could kick out he just
hit his finishing maneuver he just hit
it this could be it one two three yes
Ziggler dainik Ziggler has proved all
the doubters the nature as I said he was
too small that he couldn't get the child
done that he was he wasn't strong enough
he didn't have the fighting him he
didn't have the determination he didn't
have the tenacity but Chris Jericho
brought it Jericho definitely challenged
he tested Ziggler tonight and remember
ladies and gentlemen to like this video
and subscribe for more gameplays and
commentaries throughout the week
throughout the month throughout the year
not only of this game but of 2k15
w/e on ps4 not only ps3 ps4 or what a
match that was you've got to give it up
to both competitors this match could
have went either way at either time but
Dolph Ziggler is silencing all those
that said he couldn't do it he couldn't
perform when the lights are on bright
Dolph Ziggler shows this shows up Chris
Jericho tonight at Halloween Havoc
remember to watch the pre-show match
before this between Mark Henry in the
big show we are going to continue this
night with of matches and championship
outings as long as you like the video
and subscribe thank you for watching
figure for the support we're going to
continue Halloween Havoc later